README.md, before:

# Slack Focus

## Introduction

This app is made to work with [Focus App](https://heyfocus.com/) for MacOS, but
it can be used to simply enter and exist focus modes if you wish.

When toggling focus modes, the app will:

1. set your slack status
1. set your slack emoji
1. toggle your mac's 'do not disturb' mode

## Installation & Configuration

1. Either clone this repo or download it to a local directory on your mac
1. Within the `slack-focus/` directory create a file named `.env` with the contents of `.env.template` using the
   following command:
  ```
  cp .env.template .env
  ```
1. Change the messages and emojis in the `.env` file to whatever you like.
1. Create a legacy Slack API token at
   https://api.slack.com/custom-integrations/legacy-tokens
1. Replace `<SLACK TOKEN HERE>` in `.env` with the token you just created
1. In Focus app under Scripting, add the following lines, where `<PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>` is the full path to where the `slack-focus` directory you created in step 1 lives.* I am using the default node installation location, but if it is different for you, then change that as well.
  * Focus
    ```
    # slack focus
    cd <PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>
    /usr/local/bin/node . focus
    ```
  * Unocus
    ```
    # slack focus
    cd <PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>
    /usr/local/bin/node . unfocus
    ```
1. Now when you Focus or Unfocus in Focus app, your slack and do not disturb state should change!

## Notes

\* You can find the path to your `slack-focus` directory by typing `pwd` from within the `slack-focus` directory.

Commit message:

updated readme * included step about system preferences changes * fixed code block tabs

README.md, after:

# Slack Focus

## Introduction

This app is made to work with [Focus App](https://heyfocus.com/) for MacOS, but
it can be used to simply enter and exist focus modes if you wish.

When toggling focus modes, the app will:

1. set your slack status
1. set your slack emoji
1. toggle your mac's 'do not disturb' mode

## Installation & Configuration

1. Either clone this repo or download it to a local directory on your mac
1. Within the `slack-focus/` directory create a file named `.env` with the contents of `.env.template` using the
   following command:
  ```
  cp .env.template .env
  ```
1. Change the messages and emojis in the `.env` file to whatever you like.
1. Create a legacy Slack API token at
   https://api.slack.com/custom-integrations/legacy-tokens
1. Replace `<SLACK TOKEN HERE>` in `.env` with the token you just created
1. In Focus app under Scripting, add the following lines, where `<PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>` is the full path to where the `slack-focus` directory you created in step 1 lives.* I am using the default node installation location, but if it is different for you, then change that as well.
   * Focus
   ```bash
   # slack focus
   cd <PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>
   /usr/local/bin/node . focus
   ```
   * Unfocus
   ```bash
   # slack focus
   cd <PATH-TO-SLACK-FOCUS>
   /usr/local/bin/node . unfocus
   ```
1. Under System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Accessibility, give access to Focus (and Terminal if you want to use this through CLI) as seen below, so that it can set your do not disturb status.
   ![Screenshot of Preferences](screen_control.png)
1. Now when you Focus or Unfocus in Focus app, your slack and do not disturb state should change!

## Notes

\* You can find the path to your `slack-focus` directory by typing `pwd` from within the `slack-focus` directory.
